Write an Algorithm and Draw flowchart & pseudo-code for each problem
 
Question 1
 
A flowchart to display the greater of the two numbers.
 
Question 2
As a homework assignment, your teacher has given a flowchart (shown below) to find and display the square and cube of a positive number. The execution must be terminated, if a negative number is entered.
 
Question 3
Anuj, a class 9 student, has designed the following flowchart to input a positive number and check and display whether the number is a single digit number, a double digit number or a triple digit number. To assess his brother who is in class 8, he hides four statements in the flowchart.
 
Question 4
Accept the age of a person and check whether he/she is eligible to vote or not. A person is eligible to vote only when he/she is 18 years or more.
 
Question 5
 
Accept three numbers and check whether they are 'Pythagorean Triplets' or not. Display the message accordingly.
(Hint: Use Pythagoras Formula for a Right-angled Triangle: h = p2+b2)
 
Question 6
In a cricket match, a viewer carries a laptop in the stadium every day to keep record of the runs made by each batsman. When a player comes to bat, the viewer enters the previous runs made by the player. Further, he enters the runs scored for each ball. When the runs entered on a ball is -1, it means the player is out. The laptop then displays the runs made by the player in the current innings as well as the total. The process continues until all the players are out. Draw a flowchart for the task stated above.
 
Question 7
Input three angles of a triangle and check whether a triangle is possible or not. If possible, then check whether it is an 'Acute-angled Triangle', 'Obtuse-angled Triangle' or a 'Right-angled Triangle'.write algorithm and flowchart.
 
Question 8
Write a pseudo-code to find out if a given year is a leap year or not.
Any year which is divisible by 4 and not by 100 are leap years. Otherwise, any year which is divisible by 400 is also a leap year.
 
 
Question 9
A three digit number is said to be an “Armstrong number” if the sum of the third power of its individual digits is equal to the number itself.
Example: 371 is an Armstrong number as 371 = 3 3 + 7 3 + 1 3
              407 is an Armstrong number as 407 = 4 3 + 0 3 + 7 3
Write a pseudo-code to check whether a given three digit number is an Armstrong number.
 
Question 10
Write a python function to check whether three given numbers can form the sides of a triangle. 
Hint: Three numbers can be the sides of a triangle if none of the numbers are greater than or equal to the sum of the other two numbers.


 │
            │   │
            │  sum=sum+cube │
            │ 